# Consensus algorithm

POW + DPOS: Hybrid consensus, POW mining, DPOS supervision.  
POW: Generate blocks through hash power. Mortgage a small amount of coins and have the right to mine (to prevent miners from maliciously generating illegal blocks).  
DPOS: Supervise nodes are selected through ballots. Supervision nodes can fine-tune system parameters (block size, block generation speed), and can report malicious blocks. Supervision nodes have block rewards (70 rebates to voters).  
All people with coins can vote, and after voting, they will get rebates.  
The generation time of the block is 1 minute [The new chain has a smaller interval, and the interval time can be adjusted as needed. ] Select the block with the highest hash power as a new block each time.  
Miners without deposits have no mining rights. If the deposit is deducted due to malicious acts, the mining rights will also be lost.  
In order to ensure that the identity of the miner of the block is not used by fraud [because of the support of smart contracts, the system is more unpredictable, it is possible to use others to mine and execute malicious smart contracts], each block will carry miners Signature. This approach can also limit the size of public mining pools. Because every time the block hash is calculated, the block needs to be signed first. If the mining pool publishes the private key, its tokens may be transferred at any time; if it does not publish the private key, it can only be signed by itself, and each time the signature is completed, it will be handed over to the miner to calculate the hash. Becoming the biggest bottleneck will be difficult to meet. At the same time, a large amount of signature information needs to be synchronized between the mining pool and the miners, and the network capacity between the two becomes a bottleneck. This greatly limits the size of the mining pool.  
Supervision nodes can generate empty blocks (blocks that do not contain transactions). When miners do not generate blocks that meet the conditions, they will use the empty block to avoid blockage caused by fluctuations in computing power.  
The supervision node can confirm the block with the highest local computing power, and the confirmed block has a bonus when calculating the computing power.  
Nodes do not accept too old blocks (to avoid malicious forks of miners with super high computing power).  

## Transaction confirmation

If the block is locked by another chain, it will be regarded as a permanent lock, and the locked transaction belongs to the confirmed transaction. The maximum cross-chain time is 6 minutes, so the transaction confirmation time is 6 minutes.  
